[docs] Add info about rolebinding and CAR using (#20637)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/access/authorization/RBAC_EXPERIMENTAL.md

- [Use roles](#use-roles) — for granting permissions to users (for example, application developers) *within a specific namespace*.
- [Manage roles](#manage-roles) — for granting administrator permissions.

{% alert level="warning" %}

> Please note the specifics of configuring combined access and sharing using RoleBinding and ClusterAuthorizationRule (CAR) for the same user when multi-tenancy mode is enabled in the cluster (parameter [`enableMultitenancy = true`](/modules/user-authz/configuration.html#parameters-enablemultitenancy)). For more details, see the [`user-authz`](/modules/user-authz/#rolebinding-car) module documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pay attention to the specifics of configuring combined access and shared use of RoleBinding and ClusterAuthorizationRule (CAR) for the same user when multitenancy mode is enabled in the cluster (parameter [`enableMultiTenancy: true`](/modules/user-authz/configuration.html#parameters-enablemultitenancy)). For more details, see the [`user-authz`](/modules/user-authz/#rolebinding-car) module documentation.
```
